# `v5.x` → `v6.x`

The `v6` major version stabilizes the [Plugin API](../06_plugins/index.md) and cleans up the `proxy` API on the `ClsService`.

There are no breaking changes in behavior and the core API. Apart from a few syntax changes, the migration should be straightforward.

## Removed the `onClsInit` method in the Plugin interface

The not very useful `onClsInit` method was removed from the Plugin interface. It has been replaced by the `beforeSetup` and `afterSetup` methods provided by the special `ClsPluginHooks` provider. See the [Plugin API](../06_plugins/02_plugin-api.md) for more information.

Unless you specifically created a custom plugin that used this method, you can safely ignore this change.

## Proxy provider accessors on `ClsService` moved under the `proxy` property

The `ClsService` exposed a set of top-level methods to manage Proxy Providers. These methods have been moved under the `proxy` property of the `ClsService`.

The following methods have been moved:

- `getProxy` -> `proxy.get`
- `setProxy` -> `proxy.set`
- `resolveProxyProviders` -> `proxy.resolve`

e.g. in v5.x you would write:

```ts
await this.cls.resolveProxyProviders([MyProxyProvider]);

this.cls.setProxy(MyOtherProxyProvider, new MyOtherProxyProvider(dependency));

const instance = this.cls.getProxy(SomeProxyProvider);
```

in v6.x, this becomes:

```ts
await this.cls.proxy.resolve([MyProxyProvider]);

this.cls.proxy.set(MyOtherProxyProvider, new MyOtherProxyProvider(dependency));

const instance = this.cls.proxy.get(SomeProxyProvider);
```

## Existing plugin compatibility

### `@nestjs-cls/transactional`

Both of these changes _do affect_ the `@nestjs-cls/transactional` plugin. Make sure to update it to version `v3.x` or higher.

Transactional adapter packages are not affected, but it is still recommended to keep them on the latest version.
