# `v3.x` → `v4.x`

The `v4` major version should be largely backwards compatible with `v3`. However, breaking changes were introduced in some less-used APIs that should be mentioned.

## Changed base type of Proxy Providers

The default underlying value of [Proxy Providers](../03_features-and-use-cases/06_proxy-providers.md) was changed to `{}`. This means that the `typeof` operator will now return `'object'`, which is more intuitive. ([Link to original discussion](https://github.com/Papooch/nestjs-cls/issues/82))

The use-case of using a Proxy Provider as a function is still supported, but now requires the `type` option to be set to `'function'`.

```ts
ClsModule.forFeature({
    provide: 'class-proxy',
    useClass: SomeClass,
});
ClsModule.forFeature({
    provide: 'function-proxy',
    useFactory: () => someFunction,
    // highlight-start
    type: 'function',
    // highlight-end
});
```

```ts
@Injectable()
class SomeService {
    constructor(
        @Inject('class-proxy')
        private readonly someClass: SomeClass,
        @Inject('function-proxy')
        private readonly functionProvider: () => void,
    ) {
        console.log(typeof this.someClass); // 'object'
        console.log(typeof this.functionProvider); // 'function'
    }
}
```

## Changed default of `ifNested` option

The default of the [`ifNested`](../04_api/01_service-interface.md#clscontextoptions) option was changed from `override` to `inherit`, which more closely aligns with _most_ real-world use-cases.

If you used the `ClsService#run` method _without_ explicitly setting the `ifNested` option, you should check if the new default behavior is compatible with your use-case and adjust accordingly.

```ts
this.cls.run(
    // highlight-start
    { ifNested: 'override' },
    // highlight-end
    () => {
        // ... rest of the code
    },
);
```

## Changed default of `resolveProxyProviders` in `UseCls` decorator

This value was undocumented in `v3`, but the default was `false`. It was changed to `true` in `v4` to align with the default behavior of other enhancers.

This change should not affect most use-cases, because you either don't use Proxy Providers at all, or you use them and therefore had to set it to `true` anyway. The only case where this might be a breaking change is if you used the `@UseCls` in a module where you explicitly _did not_ want to resolve Proxy Providers and therefore did not import their dependencies. In that case, you should set the `resolveProxyProviders` option to `false` in the decorator.
